okay guys m2 tenure today we're going to
look at the new version of this is the
new bill that was released a few days
ago I new one will be released a few
days from now for the other operating
systems this is running on windows
64-bit so the first thing we're going to
look at arm is the disposer the graph
editor as you can see it's now infinite
so it's working with complex scenes on
this will be very useful for you now
have to jam everything into one place
the reasons why they're all up here is
because I was working on my other
monitor a few days ago and the next
feature is the lock render now is the
you are able to lock your render which
is here so that means you cannot move
i'm clicking right now and you cannot
move it so you can't let's just say you
interrupted your to our render it be
really bad but if this lockers on then
you can't you know mess around with it
the next feature is the alpha background
so all this you go to all
see
freako
let's you're right close let's see all
this it's all blocked which is very good
the next feature is the compact node
inspector very good for lolla there's a
lot more room and I've grown really
custom to it as you can see the next
feature is alpha shadows this is a big
one that I want you to have for a long
time let's just put the just get a good
position around here
watch the grass
until you knave one popped racing though
now for shutter is very good so that's
that let's just change that
the next is shift lens this is a new
feature that everyone wanted
I don't really see much peace with it is
because I'm a new you've still
but I guess that's bit all right
but uh yep that's pretty much it there's
a lot more technical stuff too and a lot
more bug fixes but apart from that it's
new build hope you have fun with it cuz
I know I have